If brute-force 
analytical inversion 
of a 107 × 107 matrix 
is out of the 
question, that is not, 
however,    the end of 
the story. First, as 
is widely recognized, 
there are iterative 
approximation methods 
which are    
substantially more 
efficient (the 
Gauss–Seidel and 
Jacobi methods—see 
Varga, 1962). Here the 
time-order is r*n^2,
2    r, where r is the 
number of iterations 
required to produce a 
satisfactory 
approximation. With r 
= 20,    repetition of 
the above calculations 
gives a running time 
of 108    seconds, or 
about 3 years. While 
this now    looks 
closer to feasibility, 
it is still clearly 
much too slow to be of 
practical use.2 
